README.md, before:

# Strigil
> Strigil is a gem for easily scraping a Reddit user's comment history into a JSON file

Strigil is an OSINT tool that makes it easy to scrape a Reddit user's comment history into a JSON file. With the official Reddit API, it's only possible to go back to the previous 100 comments by a user. Using Selenium, Strigil is able to go back about 1,000 comments. It results in a `comments.json` file that you can then manipulate as you wish. For example, you could run analysis on the data to build charts of posting frequency, heatmaps for what subreddits a user comments in, and other such things.

The `comments.json` file is presented as an array of JSON objects. The JSON objects are formatted in the following way:
```
{
  "author": "exampleuser"
  "subreddit": "examplesub"
  "permalink": "https://www.reddit.com/r/examplesub/comments/8830oa/example_post/dwhg6vi/"
  "timestamp": "2017-8-19 18:15:43 -0400"
  "text": "Yes, mods, I expect another ban."
}
```

## Installation
------------
Strigil is incredibly easy to set up and use. You just need to install the gem `strigil` and run two commands. You can even do it directly in the `irb` shell. You simply need to require the gem and run `Strigil.engage('username')`, filling in `username` with the target user.

1. `$ gem install strigil`
2. `$ irb`
3. `> require 'strigil'`
4. `> Strigil.engage('username')`

It may take a moment, but a `data/comments.json` file will be created in your current directory.

## Contribute
-----------
Feel free to contribute to the project by forking and issuing a pull request.

## Support
------------
Simply open an issue ticket to report any problems or bugs.

## License
------------
This project is licensed under the MIT license.

Commit message:

BUGFIX: Force legacy profile display
Strigil only works with the legacy profile display because of how
Reddit formats comments. This update forces that legacy display
via requiring login details and setting that preference manually.

This update also enables the choice of Chrome or Firefox drivers.

README.md, after:

# Strigil
> Strigil is a gem for easily scraping a Reddit user's comment history into a JSON file

Strigil is an OSINT tool that makes it easy to scrape a Reddit user's comment history into a JSON file. It results in a `comments.json` file that you can then manipulate as you wish. For example, you could run analysis on the data to build charts of posting frequency, heatmaps for what subreddits a user comments in, and other such things.

Strigil requires login details in order to set preferences for comment formatting, but these details are only used to login. Feel free to use a throwaway account for this.

The `comments.json` file is presented as an array of JSON objects. The JSON objects are formatted in the following way:
```
{
  "author": "exampleuser"
  "subreddit": "examplesub"
  "permalink": "https://www.reddit.com/r/examplesub/comments/8830oa/example_post/dwhg6vi/"
  "timestamp": "2017-8-19 18:15:43 -0400"
  "text": "Yes, mods, I expect another ban."
}
```

## Installation
Strigil is incredibly easy to set up and use. You just need to install the gem `strigil` and run two commands. You can even do it directly in the `irb` shell. You simply need to require the gem and run `Strigil.engage('username')`, filling in `username` with the target user.

1. `$ gem install strigil`
2. `$ irb`
3. `> require 'strigil'`
4. `> Strigil.engage('username')`

You then have to give Strigil enough information to begin scraping. You only need to input three things:

1. A Reddit username
2. The password for the account from Step 1
3. `chrome` or `firefox`, depending what browser driver you wish to use

It may take a moment, but a `data/comments.json` file will be created in your current directory.

## Contribute
Feel free to contribute to the project by forking and issuing a pull request.

## Support
Simply open an issue ticket to report any problems or bugs.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT license.
